Sister Xu, I know the injustice of your death
If you have any grievances, you can show up and tell me.
I will definitely appeal for you.
Miss Xu, we are here to help you get justice.
If you hear me
Please call us back
It seems he doesn't want to agree to us.
Sister Xu, although I have never seen you
But I do.
You must be a kind-hearted person.
Letter from home he became a demon
He has killed over 5,000 people
He is your child
You can't ignore it.
Please come out
Death is not the fault of godmother
You are at ease
Your son is messing around outside
scourge
You just let it go
Are you such a mother?
Forget it, the sun is blocked
He wants to hurt us at this time
We are dead
Go quickly
He wants to kill me, he has already done it
If you want to go, I won't go.
Master said
Come and break up when the sun is at its best
Is he a regular meeting?
It's too late.
Go, go, go